DOCS 5692 - adding two sections to aws lambda config page (#18674)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/configuration.md

- [Collect logs from non-Lambda resources](#collect-logs-from-non-lambda-resources)
- [Collect traces from non-Lambda resources](#collect-traces-from-non-lambda-resources)
- [Filter or scrub information from logs](#filter-or-scrub-information-from-logs)

> - [Enable/disable logs collection](#enabledisable-log-collection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Is it expected for this link to be duplicated in the APM section?

Author: i seem to remember we wanted it to be linked in both places, so let's keep it in both for now.

To scrub trace attributes for data security, see [Configure the Datadog Agent or Tracer for Data Security][23].

## Enable/disable trace collection

Trace collection through the Datadog Lambda extension is enabled by default. 

> If you want to stop collecting traces from your Lambda functions, follow the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to start collecting traces from your Lambda functions, apply the configurations below:
```

Reviewer: It looks like these commands and configurations are for enabling traces rather than stopping them, but let me know if I'm missing anything. Also suggested to update the wording, since there aren't any actual instructions being supplied.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog CLI" %}}

```sh
datadog-ci lambda instrument \
    --tracing true
    # ... other required arguments, such as function names
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

```yaml
custom:
  datadog:
    # ... other required parameters, such as the Datadog site and API key
    enableDDTracing: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS SAM" %}}

```yaml
Transform:
  - AWS::Serverless-2016-10-31
  - Name: DatadogServerless
    Parameters:
      # ... other required parameters, such as the Datadog site and API key
      enableDDTracing: true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS CDK" %}}

```typescript
const datadog = new Datadog(this, "Datadog", {
    // ... other required parameters, such as the Datadog site and API key
    enableDatadogTracing: true
});
datadog.addLambdaFunctions([<LAMBDA_FUNCTIONS>]);
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Others" %}}

Set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_ENABLED` to `true` on your Lambda functions.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Disable trace collection

> If you want to stop collecting traces from your Lambda functions, follow the instructions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to stop collecting traces from your Lambda functions, apply the configurations below:
```
